How did viewing a diff between
two versions help you spot the bug?

Because it only shows differences
between the two version files, if a
new file does not have a feature
that the previous one had that
someone had wanted to keep, then
there has to be a difference between
the old and new file which causes
the feature to disappear or causes
the program to crash. Therefore, by
only showing the differences between
the new file and old file, it is much
easier to find what in the code made
something stop working.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How could having easy access to the
entire history of a file make you a
more efficient programmer in the long
run?

Because it would take much less time
to find your mistakes and therefore
would help you spend way less time
coding than normal, resulting in
efficient programming.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What do you think are the pros and
cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google Docs does?

The pros of manually choosing when to
create a commit is that the resulting
version will be much more likely to
be able to compile and you can decide
exactly how many times you want to
commit and how often. However, if
someone forgot to commit then it could
be impossible to revert back.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Why do you think some version control
systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while
others, like Google Docs, treat each
file separately?

Because for a program like Git which
is designed for code, it makes a lot
sense to allow multiple files to be
placed into onen commit because these
files often have parts that are
connected such as methods or variable
names. However, in Drive where each
document is distinct and rarely if
ever connected, it doesnt make sense
to allow saving multiple files.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How can you use the commands git log
and git diff to view the history of
files?

You can use git log to display all the
commits that have been made to a file
up to that point and git diff to
analyze the differences between two
commits.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How might using version control make
you more confident to make changes
that could break something?

Because you always know that if you
break something then you can always
revert back to a version of the
program that works.